User Story / Gameplay:

1. Describe the gameplay
    There will be two pong sides and a ball on each side.  The ball will start in the center. 
    When the ball hit the opponents pong, itll bounce back. 

    instructions: Welcome to Pong! The goal of this game is to score the most points against your opponenent.
        When the ball hits the opponents wall, the opposing side will get a point. The left player will use the WS keys
        and the right player will use the up and down keys.
        After three points for one player, the speed of the ball will increase. After 5 points, the leading side will
        get another ball. The player to get to 10 points wins!

2. What are the conditions when the game begins?

    When the ball hits the opponents wall, the opposing side will get a point. After three points for one player, the speed of the ball
    will increase. The player to get to 11 points wins!

3. Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?

    Once one player gets to 7 points the game will end. After it ends, there will be a continue button or restart button.

4. What ifs will there be?

    If the balls hit the box, it'll bounce back in. If the opposing side hits your side, they get a point.
    If you hit the rtart button, the game will begin, if you press instructions, the pop
    up will appear. If the change theme button is pressed, the colors will change.

Visual Game Components:

1. What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
   
    Background settings (If possible, let players pick what theme they want.), the pong board, and the balls. Also the counter points in the upper hand corners.

2. Which will be static? (the board)

    The pong boards.

3. Which will be animated? (the box) 

    The balls.

4. What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.

    The board arena values, the points, position of the ball, position of the pong boards. 

Events / Logic:

1. What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)

    When the WS keys are clicked, it will control
    the motion of the left board. If the Up and Down keys are clicked, it'll control the motion of the right board.
    At the begining it'll show you a main menu screen and ask for names and what theme you would like to play pong,
    when these are clicked, it'll create the game. There will also be buttons after you reach 7 points, that'll affect
    whether or not you can continue. 

2. How do those events affect the data of the program?

    These events will affect the data of the game as the pong boards will move as a result of the keys, which afects of
    positon of the pong boards and the points of the game. The motion of the board and events that occur will also 
    affect the positon of the ball. 

3. For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!

    For left side: If you push the key W, the pong board will move up and the speed of the ball will move in the opposite direction. If
    you push the S key, the pong board will move down, and the ball will move in the opposte direction if touched. However, if the ball hits the left side of the arena,
    then the opposing side will get a point. 

    For the right side: If you push the key Up, the pong board will move up and the speed of the ball will move in the opposite direction. If
    you push the down key, the pong board will move down, and the ball will move in the opposte direction if touched. However, if the ball hits the right side of the arena,
    then the opposing side will get a point.
